I am Javier Javier Motta and today we are
here in san francisco with the
national presentation of the new
seventh generation of golf
generation of golf the German car that
has been in the market for 40 years and has sold
more than 30 million units one of
the most successful cars in the history of
the automotive industry in general does not
only from the volkswagen
to this new generation of golf and is
based on the new platform of the group
volkswagen which is a modular platform
in which it allows you to manufacture
different types of models on that
same platform expanding the reducing
making some adjustments so that
can always be presented in a large
number of different configurations
for all group brands
volkswagen starting obviously for this
by the volkswagen group but also
audi and porsche
in europe it is coda
another great novelty for the seventh
generation of golf is that for the first
is going to be produced in the plant
mexico in puebla in mexico for help in
logistics can be said of the plant
silao where the engines are manufactured
also in mexico silao guanajuato and
populate in the state of the same name
puebla in mexico 2015 is going to
present in six different versions
for the US market starting with
this volt and is in the version more to more
austere let's say you have the engine of
1.8 liters with enough power
for this type of car that is quite
light and thanks as we said in the
structure a new selection of
materials and manufacturing processes that
makes this small 1.8 engine
liters generate 170 horsepower that
allows you a handling from the most
everyday let's say the most normal to go
and come from work to the house to the
office
up to some certain performance let's say
sports
then comes the version and of
there says the new generation of that
technology says it's been done every time
most popular here in the USA and that has a
average yield of 35 miles per
gallon of diesel and it's going to say gasoline
by habit and it's really when
is compared with models for example with
hybrid technology really the
performance performance everything is much
better with a diesel engine
the version also comes of course
heat since it is one of the most followed
that has more fans not only here in
us but in the rest of the world in the
high performance version later
will come also the version r with arc de
super high performance and unlike
other generations of golf
Volkswagen will not wait three years
to attract that model but it's going to
incorporate its products into its linear
practically in the same year of the debut
which will be for the end of 2014
early 2015 they are also going to
present a car for the first time
electric an electric version
totally electric to do
competition with models like the nissan
leaf
so volkswagen enters the segment of
the electric cars with the version and
with the volkswagen completely
electric that has will have a range of
handling between 70 to 90 miles that's why
assumed as everyone knows depends
of the management style of the conditions
of the weather the terrain so it's more than
enough again for daily use
almost 90 miles
of independence range and finally
the last version will come to the market
station wagon that is let's say the version
family the price range starts
from a special price for this the
debut of this new generation in a
limited special edition that is going to
determine according to the demand that goes to
start around the 17 thousand dollars
barely above 17 thousand dollars and
when you go to the maximum range of golf
with the performance baquets with all the
possible options the total does not exceed
35 thousand dollars so really a car
that has it all good design a style
and very attractive that can be from the
regular edition until the r and has
also the most advanced of the
volkswagen technology a broad
variety of engine train options with
the diesel gasoline engine the electric
in the r version so the new
generation of volkswagen golf 2015 here
from san francisco
and point